Updated README.md for bridges (#2629)
paritytech/cumulus: BRIDGES.md

# 2. How to pull latest Bridges code to the `bridges` subtree
(in practice)

> Actually `bridges` repo has stabilized branch `polkadot-staging` dedicated for releasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bridges` repo has a stabilized branch `polkadot-staging` dedicated for releasing.
```
